This stupid simple strategy made me over
$3 million trading. And this is what ICT
had to say about me after my large
payout.
 Ask Lanto how he gives a [__] That
motherfucker's making bank. There ain't
nobody on the [__] internet can say
otherwise. They can't do [__] You ain't
going to hear me say [__] And I'm going
to be able to do what Lanto's doing.
You're killing it right now. So, well
done, young man. Very, very good.
 He could have came out and said, "Fuck
you, ICT. I did this with market
profile." Well done, [__] There
you go.
And today, I'm breaking down exactly
that, three simple steps. By the end of
this video, you're going to understand
exactly how I approach every single
trading day. Step one, higher time frame
bias. How I'm blocking out the noise and
finding my bias. Step two, overnight
price. How I utilize Asia and London
sessions towards my advantage. And step
three, the opening range move. This is
where the money maker is. Throughout the
video, you'll see real examples broken
down that I took with my community live.
So, let's begin.
All right. So, now that we're on the
presentation, let's get into it. The
opening range move trading strategy.
Higher time frame analysis. Why higher
time frame matters. Markets operate
through liquidity. The largest
inefficiencies matter the most. Higher
time frame gaps, highs and lows override
1-minute movements. The higher time
frame framework. One, identify gaps or
inefficiencies. Essentially, we look for
fair value gaps or liquidity voids on
the hourly, 4-hour, or daily charts.
Mark your higher time frame highs and
lows. Swing points act as magnets for
price. Mark them clearly. Number three,
watch price target these on lower time
frame. Wait for lower time frame
1-minute to approach these key levels.
And number four, execute when confluence
aligns. Enter only when time and price
agree. So, looking at this visual here,
on the left, you have your higher time
frame look. On the right, you have your
lower time frame look. Essentially, your
higher time frame look shows you a
sequence where we come down here, take
out an area of sell-side liquidity, you
know, for this example being this candle
wick low.
Then, we end up seeing through higher
time frame price coming back up and
seeking that buy side area of liquidity.
Through lower time frame, you could see
that price was still operating the same
way, except through the smaller time
frame, we end up seeing price come down
here, take that exact sell side
liquidity, then seeing that push back
up. This is the alignment you want with
higher time frame, and the significance
of higher time frame. When you're able
to more so match your higher time frame
look with your lower time frame look,
you're able to get an A+ setup.
Blocking out the noise, identifying
quality fair value gaps and inversion
fair value gaps. A good fair value gap
has a strong displacement sequence,
takes previous liquidity, and has clean
candle bodies. A bad fair value gap has
large wicks, small bodies, minimal gap
size, and also trading inside of
consolidation.
What we're able to see on this visual
where we have two components line up
here. On the left, you have a gap where
you seek large displacement in the body
of the fair value gap, right? You also
have an area of liquidity, being your
buy side liquidity, where we see price
come into, take out that level, and
still seek higher expansion. These two
components are large for blocking out
the noise and marking out the best fair
value gaps and inversion fair value gaps
to trade. I used to always get the best
fair value gaps wrong all the time, not
knowing which fair value gaps to mark
out compared to others. As you guys
know, there's a ton of noise in the
market, and it could be very frustrating
knowing which fair value gap the
market's actually respect. And with
these two components here specifically,
large displacement and the liquidity
taken aspect, what you have here is
clarity, and this allows you to not only
develop your higher time frame bias, but
also allows you to use these components
for your lower time frame entries. So,
looking at these two visuals, we have a
good example here, and we have a bad
example here. We already explained the
left, but basically on the right, the
reason this is a bad fair value gap is
because this is a fair value gap where
you see large wicks
being formed off the previous candle
high and the next candle low for a
bullish fair value gap, and you also
will no liquidity here as we did here in
the spy side area. So, we don't take
liquidity nor do we have a good displace
of sequence in the creation of the fair
value gap leaving a good void and
inefficiency in the market for price to
come back down and truly respect. Now,
for me to go to TradingView real quick
and look at this chart, what we're able
to see is an hourly time frame, a higher
time frame look where we simply have
price action. Now, in order to mark out
my higher time frame look as mentioned,
one key component are swing points.
Swing points for me are essentially key
areas in the market where we make large
wicks before seeking reversal. So, let's
go ahead and mark them out. For me here,
there would be three key levels. One
being this external high, which was the
high that created the ultimate reversal
in the market moving back down. Two, you
would have your internal high right here
as this is a key point where you see
price put in a good high wick and then
come back down. And three, the obvious
and most important area in my opinion is
this low right here because this is an
area where we end up putting a good wick
and seeing a very sharp displacement
sequence back up. So, with this example
right here, we don't need to mark out
inversion fair value gaps or fair value
gaps through the hourly and the four
hour because we already have our level
points. And that's all we need to do for
higher time frame. Simply mark out your
key levels, aka swing points, and also
your imbalances, aka fair value gaps and
inversion fair value gaps.
Number two, Asia and London sessions.
These are two sessions I use that are
overnight price that I really find super
helpful. If you trade RTH, RTH stands
for regular trading hours. That's
essentially where you only trade the New
York data. So, like a spy, like a QQQ,
that is typically RTH where you only
have New York data. But, when you end up
using Asia and London session, what
you're able to do is collect 23 hours of
data in the market a day. So, it's
essentially like you have more pieces to
the puzzle. And so, when you have more
data and price action, you're able to
get a lot clearer of a picture in what
price is trying to do. So, session time
zones EST, I have it for Asia at 6:00
p.m. to 3:00 a.m. I have London from
3:00 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. And then I have
New York open from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00
p.m. Identifiers, bullish expansion
takes high and higher movement. Bearish
expansion takes low and lower movement.
If we take a quick look at this chart
right here, what you're able to see is
you're able to see an external high
being put in, then you're able to see a
swing point through the higher time
frame put in, which also acts as a lower
time frame internal high or internal
draw. So, as we talked about the
identifiers, we have our bullish
expansion and bearish expansion, but now
I want to introduce the golden zone.
This is where you have your higher time
frame and session alignment in one. This
is the A+. So, the three things you need
to do is one, mark out a higher time
frame level, gap, higher low. Identify
the major draw on liquidity from higher
time frame. Two, Asia / London takes out
the higher time frame level. These
sessions act as the setup phase for
manipulating price into the zone. And
three, look for reversal confirmation.
Wait for a lower time frame market
structure shift inside the zone.
So, what we're looking for price to do
here is we're looking for price to come
up on a key higher time level for a
bearish setup, and then a key higher
time frame low level for a bullish
setup. What you want to see is you want
to see price to the bearish setup come
up here and take that area of liquidity
through London and Asia. And then you
also want to see price on the bullish
setup come down here and take that area
of liquidity through London and Asia.
So, what that allows you to do as New
York primary traders, right, is you're
looking for a move through overnight to
be able to clear up some liquidity
through higher time frame to be able to
gauge a much easier bias coming into
your New York open.
Execution case study, analyzing the
higher time frame low. This chart
illustrates how a higher time frame low
acts as a magnet pull for liquidity
before the session move. The
observation, notice the sweep of the
higher time frame low before London
open. Displacement following the sweep
confirms the bias shift.
Price to do here essentially is come
down, take out that area of liquidity in
that sell side, then see that shift back
up through that overnight session. So,
for this example, you would have this
sequence right here where you see
overnight price come down, take out the
liquidity, then see that move back up.
And so, via lower time frame, this
visual represents what your lower time
frame would look. This being a 5-minute
time frame chart, you see price come
down here, you see liquidity being
taken, and then you see a shift in
structure via price. And so, for this
second component, that's all you're
looking for. Let me show you how to do
it on the chart. So, after marking out
our higher time frame narrative, what
I'm looking for price to simply do here
is move into one of these areas of
liquidity. From there, we could then
seek our reaction. Let's see how this
goes.
Okay, so after fast forwarding for a
bit, we're able to see that price came
down here into this area of liquidity
where we see price come down here and
tag out this major area of sell side.
So, now with using step number two in
the Asian London session, what we're
going to do here is scroll onto the
lower time frame and simply observe how
price reacts once after taking out its
swing point on the hourly time frame.
And as we showcased on the example, you
want to see price take out that low and
then simply displace back up, showcasing
some type of bullish movement. So, let's
fast forward a bit and see what happens.
So, after initially seeing price action
come back down here and take out the
swing point, we then see price come back
up, and we see price showcase a bit of
structure and bullish displacement. This
is important for the next step. Now, if
I be honest in this example, this isn't
the most bullish displace. What we
ideally want to see price do is really
engulf back up, but this is enough where
this tells you that price potentially
wants to seek higher. Again,
potentially. We don't need to do
anything yet here. We're simply still
observing.
So, this is step number three, and by
far the most important step, the opening
range move. What is an opening range
move? First move into an area of
liquidity, typically a London {slash}
Asia session high or low, where price
confirms interest or no interest in
bias. Targeting observation, the
ultimate to raw marked on the chart,
that is the final destination for the
session expansion.
The hidden rule, if consolidation after
ORM, do not trade.
So, up until this point, what we've done
so far is marked out our higher time
frame narrative through our swing
points, our three swing points in the
example, and we end up seeing price
through Asia and London come down and
take out that major area of liquidity
through the sell-side grab, and then we
end up seeing price showcase a bit of
the bullish displace off the low
indicating a potential reversal in the
market. Now, this is where it gets
juicy. And this is why the opening range
move is the most important part because
up until this point in time, what we've
done so far is we've seen price kind of
come down here through our higher time
frame look and end up taking this big
area of sell-side being the swing point,
and then what we end up seeing overnight
price do after taking out that low is
showcasing a bit of bullish displace
back up. The opening range move is so
key because off our New York opens, we
could either see price come down here,
attack the lows, potentially seek a move
back higher still being bullish, or come
back down here, attack the lows, and
look for lower, simply creating a lower
high and seeking expansion lower, which
would completely dissolve the idea
behind the reversal here. Or, we could
see what happens here in this example
where you see price come off the open
and showcase bullish displacement off
the get-go. You see price come up here,
you see price attack that internal high,
and then you see price eventually go
into that ultimate draw. And that is
what you want. So, if we go back to our
example, what we're able to see is we're
able to see price action a bit before
the opening bell, just about 10 minutes
before. We end up seeking the bullish
display off the low, and now simply what
we're waiting for is we're waiting for
the opening range move. Like I said, we
have one of two reactions. We're either
bullish or bearish off the opening range
move. We either see price come down
here, attack this low, and then you see
that point of reversal back up building
that structure, or you see price look to
come back down, attack that low, and
only look to seek lower expansion. So,
let's see what happens here.
And there is your opening range move
through New York here. You see
volatility pick up, and you see our
first move into an opposing liquidity,
typically an overnight session higher
low. Then, you see price come back up
here. So, for this example right here,
the trade that we end up actually taking
here was a trade I ended up taking with
my Discord community live.
And here was the trade. After seeing all
our components and utilizing the opening
range move, what we did here was we
looked for a continuation in the market.
So, here's the trade setup. As mentioned
earlier, a great way in where you mark
out your fair value gaps or inversion
fair value gaps are gaps which are
larger in this place than the others, or
gaps that took liquidity. Unfortunately,
price wasn't great that day, so the best
gap in sight was this one minute gap
here, which is a gap that came off
taking liquidity just a bit before, and
also a gap which was the larger
displacement in zone. When we're simply
looking for a continuation after seeing
that reversal and play off the opening
range move, giving you that indication
to take a trade after everything, all
we're looking for here is a clear entry.
We eventually end up taking this trade
where you end up seeing me exactly say
when I go long with my community, and we
did. So, after taking a long, and as I
mentioned, all I was doing for this
trade was simply targeting opposing
liquidity. Let's see how this goes.
And boom, there is your take profit. A
very successful trade where we simply
end up utilizing all our components with
how we end up marking out our bias, then
seeing confirmation, and then simply
looking for continuation on forward. So,
here's another example in the case that
you didn't really find it super clear.
For this trade here, I will be showing
you guys a short that ended up taking
with my community. So, if we start off
with our first component, if you
remember, marking out our higher time
frame swing points. So, for this
example, you had your key point of
reversal being this swing low right
here. As we see a large wick before
reversal back up higher, taking
liquidity. And this would also be your
swing point here as well, because this
is a large wick where we see reversal
after taking out liquidity. And these
are two big external levels that we are
marking out. You don't need to be as
wide with these levels, but these are
the examples I'm using for today. And
so, now from here, all we do is stay
patient and simply wait for price to
attack either the high or the low here.
And boom, there's a level being
attacked. We end up taking out this high
right here specifically. And so, from
here, all we simply do is wait for the
reaction through our overnight price
sequence, and showcasing a potential
bearish rejection and reversal lower.
And boom, there is your bearish
displacement. We end up marking out a
higher time frame high. We end up seeing
price come up here and take that high
out through our overnight sessions in
Asian, London. Then we end up seeing
London kind of come back down here
towards the tail end and showcase
bearish displace. What that clears up
for New York is a simple bias look where
we either confirm off the opening range
for lower, or we end up seeing price
shoot for higher, which we completely
then avoid. Let's see what the opening
range move does.
And boom, there is your clear opening
range move. Like example one, what we
end up seeing price do is come up here,
tag out this London high. Then you end
up seeing reversal back down, now taking
out that liquidity that we end up
putting in through our overnight high.
Now, what we simply do is mark out the
best fair value gap in sight to go short
off, and we simply look to ride
continuation. So, for the best gap in
this example, what you're simply looking
to do is simply mark out this 5-minute
gap go here. And that is because this
5-minute gap is clearly the most
displacive, and also the gap which ended
up taking liquidity in this previous
candle high. So, now we've identified
that, and we've seen price displace,
which is key. All we're looking for
price to do here essentially is showcase
an inversion sequence where we then go
short. So, utilizing 1-minute
confirmation with our trades, what we're
going to see is price come down here and
eventually go invert off that 5-minute
gap at 9:57 a.m. Eastern Standard Time.
We then take our entry, put our stops
in, put our TP in being a solid low.
Let's see how the trade pans out.
And boom, there is your take profit
smashed. We end up utilizing all three
components and seeing an A+ move and an
A+ setup. So, that was your three-step
framework. Higher time frame analysis,
overnight price, the opening range move,
simple but effective. If you want to see
this in action every single day, I trade
live with my Discord every single
morning. Look in the description. And
yeah, drop a comment if you want me to
go deeper in any of these steps. And if
you like this video, subscribe. We got a
lot more coming.
