I made over $42,000 day trading today
using this one entry model. In today's
video, I'll show you exactly how I did
that from my buys all the way into
taking entry and seeing take profit get
smashed. First day back in Jersey,
phenomenal one visiting my parents. Very
excited. Let's get into it. So, we ended
up coming into the Asia session last
night being a bit more neutral. A lot of
times I'll look into Asia in case Asia
trades well so I can get a head start
for the trading session. And kind of
coming into last night initially, wasn't
really looking at it too aggressively.
However, we then ended up seeing Trump
um talk about a ceasefire with Iran
causing a lot of volatility in the
market. So, with that, I ended up
looking to go base off Asia and looking
to potentially go risk on because off
the open, we ended up seeing tremendous
volatility, volatility we have not seen
in months in the market. And we ended up
seeing price really push off
aggressively. So, if you look at NQ
here, obviously looking at the bulk of
New York, New York hasn't really done
much in comparison. Asia ended up
pumping a total of 800 points. 800.
Very aggressive.
Like I said, I wasn't too one-sided kind
of coming into the open a bit more
neutral as I usually am on sessions
through Asia because Asia Asia typically
tends to usually trade slower. However,
through the open, we ended up seeing
price come down here initially, wick
down for the new day opening gap, and
then tremendously expand. For me, we
ended up seeing some buy-side targets
get hit initially. However, for me and
how price was engulfing, it was clear in
my mind that price wanted to draw
higher. Now, Lento, what were your
targets above that? Well, if you go to
the 4-hour here, looking at the 4-hour,
we had a 4-hour internal high, right? A
wick high, a swing high,
um a swing point as well. And we also
had a daily internal high. These two
levels right here specifically were
levels of draw where I wanted to see
price get into or get hit into
ultimately. And we ended up seeing price
ultimately do that. So, for me, being
bullish off the open, what I was looking
to do was simply looking for price to
retrace in the market and give me a
continuation entry model. Obviously, off
the open, I'm not expecting price to rip
this much so I can't take a reversal
trade or I can't take a trade super
early. I then just proceed to take a
trade later on. And so for me, the way I
was able to dictate how price was still
continuously healthy and that price was
going to continue to trade higher was
that price was consistently making, you
know, uh new highs after seeking
retracements, right? We retrace here,
obviously minus wick, we see price trade
higher. Retrace here, trade higher.
Retrace here, trade higher. Retrace here
and ultimately trade higher. By the time
we got here, I was fancying a potential
retrace into an imbalance where we
rebalance and then come back up, right?
So, exactly, the first idea of the day
was a long here where we ended up going
base off of 5-minute bullish fair value
gap. Now, this is not the BPR entry
because this trade ended up resulting to
a break-even trade. You see me
mentioning here clear Asia trend, liking
the potential and upside. Idea is
5-minute 5-minute 5-minute fair value
gap rebalance to have CE
and move back off it. Stop loss could be
the swing point or the model stop loss.
Target the 4-hour BPR fill one-day
internal high. Those two targets were I
wanted to see price draw into. Lento,
why have such aggressive take profits in
mind? Because price is aggressive. When
price is aggressive, you step on the
pedal. We ended up seeing price come up
here. We ended up taking this trade here
off price rebalancing on the 5-minute
gap. We take entry. I mentioned I'm
long. However, this trade goes
break-even because it's not we were
bearish. It was more so price was uh at
a state of consolidation, right? Price
was choppy understandably after seeing a
600-point rip, you're going to expect to
see price start to slow down again. So,
Lento, if price is chopping, why the
[__] would you take another trade? Well,
here it is.
One price and two, the type of entry.
And this type of entry is called a BPR
violation. It's a balanced price range
violation, which if you guys don't know
what a balanced price range is, it's
essentially where you have two gaps in
one time frame in one zone. Let me break
it down. The second idea right here
specifically was the BPR entry idea,
5-minute bearish BPR forming. Balanced
price range. If we see a violation of it
creating a bullish sequence, can look to
re-enter longs. Same targets as last
trade. So, with this here specifically,
you have a bearish BPR. And what we're
looking for price to do is violate it.
So, a bearish BPR includes you
uh um bear Excuse me, a bearish BPR
includes a 5-minute bullish fair value
gap which turns into a bearish inversion
fair value gap. And then you also have
a 5-minute um
um bearish gap which you want to see
price turn into a bullish inversion fair
value gap. So, a violation of both
sequences and you end up seeing a price
ultimately come back up here and you see
price ultimately look to draw higher,
right? So, with me specifically, Lento,
price was choppy off the first trade. If
you know price is so bad, why not why
would I take a second trade? Well, this
is a big key component, right? If we
have two imbalances which are
theoretically bearish because we end up
inverting this 5-minute gap on the
1-minute time frame, which is what I use
confirmation for.
For me, I feel okay. Bullish gap
inverted. However, we see price come
back up, come back up and invert this
bearish inversion fair value gap, and
then also invert this bullish or bearish
fair value gap,
what's what's stopping price price from
drawing higher, especially with price
already drawing up 600 points through
the ceasefire news?
Why would price not look to reach
another, you know, 100 2-point 200-point
pump just continuing off what we had
already done into draw targets. That was
my mindset. So, we ended up seeing a
price come up here. We see a violation
of two gaps, not just one as typical
traders use, two gaps. Double
confluence, extra confirmation, which is
what we look for. We ended up seeing
price come up here. You see me mention
confirmation. We ended up placing stops
off the swing low targeting the 4-hour
BPR fill and also the daily internal
high. We eventually ended up seeing a
price come up here. You see me post
executions. It was a slow trade at
first, but we see price ultimately go
and we see take profits smashed.
Beautiful trade. You see price smash
take profit one, which is a 1.6R. That's
first target. We then go risk-free,
right? If you haven't already, then we
look for that take profit two being
25210, which is ultimate take profit. We
see price come up here and we see profit
target smashed. You kind of see me make
a joke here, but I pretty much said,
"Yeah, we're going to draw into that
target. Could put my net worth on the
line." We ended up doing that. Very
successful trade, very good trade. And
off this right here,
we could easily very much so called it.
We could have called it a night. We
could have called it a day. With my
mentality and how I approach trading, I
have a one-and-done mindset, right? If
you're already asking yourself as a
trader, how many times a day does your
model present an A+ trade? For me, it's
maybe once or twice, if that. So, for me
to catch an A+ trade and capitalize
tremendously, conclude your day and move
on. You guys have to remember, trading
is a long-term approach. It's You won't
make You won't become rich overnight,
right? It's a process where you have to
get better and better and better over
time. And eventually, you get to scale
up a lot more quickly. So, we ended up
taking the trade, come down here,
and then we end up waiting until New
York. The thing with London is, we
didn't see much go on. We saw Asia rip
targets. London pretty much just slowly
chopped up into
higher draw kind of extending a bit off
of what we did through the ceasefire
news. Then we ended up seeing price off
the open essentially
not really do much, right? Off the open,
a bit consolidation prone, but then we
ended up seeing price or we we ended up
seeing price
um
come down here and we see price run into
our London low. If you guys don't know
what the opening range move is, I
utilize the opening range move. The
reason I do that is because I like to
utilize a combination of overnight price
and a combination of New York open to
get a get dict or get get a gauge of
what price is going to do. So, for me
specifically, I use higher time frame, I
use overnight price, and I use opening
range move, right? And so for me
specifically,
in coming into the open, I was pretty
bullish. A, because we had seen a
600-point move overnight. B, higher time
frames are pointing upside draw. And C,
the opening range move here, if it could
hold bullish, would confirm that. The
opening range move is key though. If you
guys have If you guys don't know what
the opening range move is, simply click
on my YouTube channel, go back. You have
a perfect video explaining exactly what
the opening range move is
talking about that. So, we ended up
looking at this idea. The idea was model
stop loss looking for a 1-minute or
excuse me, a 1-minute gap to go invert.
We don't end up getting this trade. And
so for me, the reason I was so
comfortable with potentially putting
risk on for higher here is because,
again, with those components alongside
the fact that price had put in a low of
day initially off a 4-hour gap entry, a
4-hour fair value gap entry. And as you
guys saw through the trade that we took
last night, the first trade that went
break-even, you see the 5-minute gap get
tapped into. You see price rebalance,
and then you see price go. That's
[clears throat] how I view imbalances,
right? When when you see price come
down, rebalance off a gap, and then you
see price come back up, that's telling
you that price has filled liquidity,
filled the void. Now we come back up and
we see price trade back above. There
should be no purpose in price coming
back down here at this point in time
after touching the midpoint of this gap
or an entry off a gap unless it wanted
to seek lower like the fill. And that's
why I'm saying mindset with every time
frame. And so for this 4-hour gap entry,
we see New York put in a low of day off
this, but then we ended up seeing price
come back down, and we ended up seeing
price take that low and look to trade
lower. So, for me at that point in time,
this no longer looks like a bullish
setup. This more so looks like a lower
high
and lower lower trend, right? A bearish
trend. Because we come back down after
initially tapping and bouncing showing a
bullish reaction off that 4-hour gap
entry. If we're so bullish, we shouldn't
need to see price come down and put in a
new low, right? We should see price
rebalance and go. Just like we had that
Asia trade last night be. So, we ended
up seeing price come down. From there,
flip narrative, and instead of looking
for higher, I simply looked for lower in
the 4-hour gap entry or 4-hour gap fill
and the hourly gap entry below it,
right? Large array through higher time
frame be just because we saw a 600-point
rip within 15, 20 minutes, 30 minutes,
whatever it was. So, pretty aggressive.
Then you end up seeing me flip narrative
and look for this potential short. This
short idea here specifically was a
1-minute BPR violation again. Last
night's Asia successful take was a BPR
violation. This trade right here was
also a BPR violation except a bear We're
looking for a bearish trade here. So,
last night's take, bearish BPR
violation, this one's a bullish BPR
violation. You can clearly see we have a
1-minute
bearish gap turn into a 1-minute bullish
inversion fair value gap with this
candle. And then you also have 1-minute
bullish bullish fair value gap right
here as well. So, you have two bullish
gaps right here at this point in time.
And then you see price come down here
and you see price violated. So, for me
specifically, the reason I find so so
much success with this entry is because
you have that double confluence. And so,
if you're ever indecisive in the market,
even if you just want to use BPRs for
bias, what you can more so look to do is
look at something like this and be like,
"Okay, what what do we do off here? How
will price react?" And so, for me, if I
were to see price come down after seeing
the New York open trade so bearish, that
simply looks like what? Continuation off
what price was doing, just like last
night, continuation off what price was
doing, which was pumping. Today through
New York, we dumped. We came back down
here, we see price run through this low,
and we see price violate this 1-minute
BPR. As soon as we get confirmation
which was a closure under, we met we
then go short, I am short, and then 5
minutes after, what do you see? You see
take profit smashed, a 1.1 R TP on this
trade, a beautiful trade, and we cooked.
Whole
whole community cooked, done in front of
400-plus traders, and did very well.
Very proud of them, and we killed it
today at 2.9 R through Asia, 1.1 R
through New York. If you're wondering
what the target was here, like I said,
it was the hourly FVG entry. Our stop
was based off the swing high, giving the
trade a bit or a bit of breathing room,
and we see price come down here.
However, price was still trash today. It
was not good, but you can see how we're
able to more so come out green and be
versatile utilizing this idea because it
helps with bias at minimum, and it could
also be used as an asset for entries.
So, that's pretty much that. With that
being said, I'll wrap it up here. That's
the review, that's how I use my entry
models, and I'll catch you guys in the
next one. Peace out.
